good morning thank you for continuing in
tuning in this your news contact
morning then I present the
weather I show you in these
moments the image allowed live
from the hill of the Indian in which
we can appreciate part of Ciudad Juarez
as well as part of the texas step
Now I show you the conditions that
we will have after the hours of the
day here on this border today
Wednesday midweek good
for the cloud in the morning we expect a
temperature of 14 degrees centigrade
nice temperature as well as sky
sunny mostly for 12 of the
medium and we will be reaching the
temperature of 18 degrees Celsius
for 3 pm thermometer
will be dialing 21 degrees
centigrade sky conditions
sunny for six in the afternoon
we will be reaching 20 degrees
centigrade for 9 midnight
talking about nine of the night forgiveness 16
degrees centigrade and for 12 of the
midnight we will be arriving until the
13 degrees centigrade now I show you
what is waiting for us and because
well we have some systems that are
interacting about our region the
which are ours next
these systems bring as a consequence
instability to our region as well as
the increasing wind and humidity at
environment this also decrease of
temperature that is expected for this purpose
approximately for the day
Saturday
we will not be reaching the point of
freezing much less but there will be
a significant change in the
temperature so it's that good
coats is on all day Saturday if
will leave if you have outdoor activities
free because if you some clothes
also warm this I show it
how will the temperature be that what
It is waiting for us for the day of
today maximum temperature 22 degrees
centigrade I told him between 4 and
5 in the afternoon the forecast for the day
of tomorrow thursday sunny sky in your
mostly 23 degrees centigrade
maximum temperature minimum temperature
that the first hours of the
Friday of 11 degrees Celsius the
wind speed between 8 and
10 kilometers per hour for Friday
we hope for a weekend
Partly cloudy maximum temperature
of 26 degrees Celsius temperature
minimum of 10 degrees Celsius the
wind speed for Friday in
average between 24 and 26
kilometers per hour this will bring
repercussions will bring a decline
significant in temperature for the
Saturday day 19 degrees Celsius
only as maximum temperature
minimum temperature of 5 degrees
centigrade first hours of the day
Sunday the wind speed between
the 16 and the 18 kilometers per hour in
average for this Saturday but before
I say goodbye right now
send a very special greeting
for angel roofing mate here
sorry brother of a fellow here
of channel 44 javier tejada sends you
many many hugs congratulations and
that you spend very nice this was all
for my part that you pass an excellent
day